README.md, before:

# Analog

Analog is a meta-framework for building applications and websites with [Angular](https://angular.io).

## Getting Started

Use your package manager of choice to create a new project

With yarn:

```sh
yarn create analog
```

With npm:

```sh
npm init analog
```

Follow the prompts to scaffold the project and start the development server.

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/analogjs/analog/tree/main/packages/create-analog/template-angular-v14?file=vite.config.ts&preset=node)

## Goals

- Vite-based
  - Supports Vite/Vitest
- Low config
- File-based routing
  - Support for api/server routes
- Hybrid SSR/SSG support
- Integrated CLI (future)

## Packages

- @analogjs/vite-plugin-angular: An Angular Plugin for building/testing applications with Vite

## Supporting Analog

Analog is an MIT-licensed open source project with its ongoing development made by contributors:

- [Sponsor me on GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/brandonroberts).

As more contributors are added to the project, they will be added as sponsor recipients.

## Credits

The name was inspired by this project https://github.com/rrdelaney/Analog.

Commit message:

docs(readme): add Contributing section
Add Contributing section in the README and link to the CONTRIBUTING file for further details.

README.md, after:

# Analog

Analog is a meta-framework for building applications and websites with [Angular](https://angular.io).

## Getting Started

Use your package manager of choice to create a new project

With yarn:

```sh
yarn create analog
```

With npm:

```sh
npm init analog
```

Follow the prompts to scaffold the project and start the development server.

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/analogjs/analog/tree/main/packages/create-analog/template-angular-v14?file=vite.config.ts&preset=node)

## Goals

- Vite-based
  - Supports Vite/Vitest
- Low config
- File-based routing
  - Support for api/server routes
- Hybrid SSR/SSG support
- Integrated CLI (future)

## Packages

- @analogjs/vite-plugin-angular: An Angular Plugin for building/testing applications with Vite

## Supporting Analog

Analog is an MIT-licensed open source project with its ongoing development made by contributors:

- [Sponsor me on GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/brandonroberts).

As more contributors are added to the project, they will be added as sponsor recipients.

## Contributing

Analog welcomes contributors! Please read the [contributing doc](https://github.com/analogjs/analog/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## Credits

The name was inspired by this project https://github.com/rrdelaney/Analog.
